well i told you that house you guys are
running had bad energy
this is a fake what come check this out
there's like a staircase back there i'm
pretty sure we lost our deposit
whoa maybe someone lived up here like a
squatter
whoa what
what are you doing no wait wait wait
[Applause]
[Music]
oh my god ugh i saw us i was here
yeah i watched this for like 15 minutes
you were gone for like five seconds
[Music]
stop one minute here equals three hours
there
each time you go through it's like it
resets the timeline
i think it's parallel universes holy
this is the biggest unfair advantage in
human history
we just steal other people's ideas i
found it in an alt this morning
can i show you something things could
get messy
just because this is tragic doesn't mean
we stop thinking
he's not himself he's breaking the rules
we got to do something about it
i got a storage unit full of stuff
that'll set off revolutions we'll take a
world by storm
something's behind all this but we all
know that you ain't that good
he's a real person is he
you've crossed a line
we crossed the line
[Applause]
[Music]
you